Encryption Scope SAS (#21294)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/storage/azblob/CHANGELOG.md

* Added support for [Cold tier](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/blobs/access-tiers-overview?tabs=azure-portal).
* Added `CopySourceTag` option for `UploadBlobFromURLOptions`
* Added [FilterBlobs](https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/storageservices/find-blobs-by-tags-container) by tags API for container client.
* Added `System` option to `ListContainersInclude` to allow listing of system containers.

> * Updated the SAS Version to `2020-12-06` and added `Encryption Scope` to Account SAS, Blob SAS, and User Delegation SAS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the SAS Version to `2021-12-02` and added `Encryption Scope` to Account SAS, Service SAS, and User Delegation SAS 
```

Reviewer 2: We should make sure we are sending the 2021-12-02 SAS version to the service, it should match the x-ms-version.
